---
date: '2024-11-11T21:50:45+01:00' # date in which the content is created - defaults to "today"
title: 'Anna Brandt'
draft: false # set to "true" if you want to hide the content

name: "Anna Brandt" # place/city/country for the experience. Fill-in.
position: "Innovation & Solution Manager GenAI & NLP" # from-to, for example "2022-2024". Fill-in.


## For the content, you can use markdown
##
---

Alona was a highly valued member of our Data Science and AI team, particularly in Generative AI and Natural Language Processing projects. Her technical skills in implementing GenAI solutions for clients were impressive, and she consistently demonstrated a strong understanding of NLP, Computer Vision, and Responsible AI principles.

I had the pleasure of working closely with Alona on concepts for an AI Infrastructure Platform for a customer in the banking sector. Her ability to quickly adapt to new technologies and apply them effectively in real-world scenarios was outstanding. She is a self-motivated professional who takes ownership of her projects and delivers high-quality results.

What I appreciated most about Alona was her dedication to her work and her commitment to continuous learning. She consistently brought innovative ideas to the table and was always eager to explore new approaches to complex problems. Her combination of technical expertise, collaborative spirit, and enthusiasm for AI makes her a standout in the field.

I was consistently impressed by Alona's dedication and expertise. She would be a valuable addition to any team in the AI field, bringing both technical excellence and a collaborative spirit that enhances the quality of work and inspires her colleagues.
